https://codepen.io/cody-townley/pen/vYOjgdE


 1. What is Semantic HTML? 

    2. What is HTML used for? for markup of a web page.

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? a modifier for an html element. after the element in the <>

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page? used for header only once

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes <div class=""> and <a href="">

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? information about what the page is. the head of the html entails things like the title of the page.

    7. What is an id? id is an identifier attribute for specific altering.

    8. What elements can I add an id to? any element but only once.

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? once

    10. What is a class? class is an attribute added to create a midifiable attribute to all elements in the class.

    11. What elements can I add a class to? all

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? multiple times.

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?target="_blank"

    14. What is the alt attribute used for? text if the image can't be displayed.

    15. How do I reference an id?#id

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div? section refers to a simple section of a document. to where div refers to a division of a section in a document, typically used for css.

    17. What is CSS used for? styling html documents.

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page. h2{}

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one. class can be used for many different elements where an ID is used for just one.
	maybe you want to keep all animal names a certain color such as cats you could use class="cats" or maybe you want a specific can such as a tabby (sp**) to have its own style you could use id="tabby"

    20. How do we select classes in CSS? .class

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””? .human

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? such as .parent .child parent with another element nested inside of it. when you have multiple classes 

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar? div .sidebar

    24. What is a pseudo selector?pseudo selectors are modifications to elements such as .class:hover{}

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? line-height

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? letter-spacing

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize? text-transform: capitals , lowercase, capitalize;

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black? div{ border-style: dotted; border-width:1px, border-color: black;

    29. How do I select everything on the page? *

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?/* */

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? git status

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?ls

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? rm "name" once its gone its gone!

    34. Why should I use version control? aids in collaboration and returning to previous checkpoints

    35. How often should I commit to github? I have no idea. Often?
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? git push -u origin 'first-last'
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. fork, add tl collab, clone, create branch, add project to branch. push to github. req pull.

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?inline will keep pushing every element in a single line. block to push down to the next block level.

    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? it will not move from its fixed position.

    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 

    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default

    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? 